Deep Learning Model Sharing Platform

Group Members

Yundi Wang		10469470
Shaocheng Wang		10465036
Hechen Wang		10464942
Xinming Yang		10458564
Qingyao Fan		10433241

Brief Description

  The project our group has chosen to develop is a sharing platform for deep learning models. Our initial idea is to develop a web page with a homepage, 
login interface, user profile interface, and deep learning model interface with basic creation, query, modification, uploading, and commenting functions, 
based on the Github website format. If time and group members' ability level allow, we would like to continue to develop advanced functions 
such as adding co-creators, linking data sources, displaying learning results for the model and so on.

Motivation

  Deep learning is a branch of machine learning, an algorithm that uses artificial neural nets as an architecture to learn representations of information. 
In recent years, deep learning has become one of the buzzwords in the field of computing, and this technique has matured with the research, 
moving step by step from theoretical research to everyday use. This fervor culminated in March 2016 when news hit the press that AlphaGo, 
a program developed with deep learning, had beaten the best human players in a tournament for the first time. 
As more and more people became interested in this technology, new frameworks such as TensorFlow and PyTorch were invented, 
making it easier to apply the technology to all walks of life. With the widespread use of this technology in today's society and 
the personal interest of our group members, we came up with the idea of creating a platform for deep learning enthusiasts to store models 
for exchange ideas and sharing experience.

Features

Core Features
        1. Main Page
                a) Briefly explain the purpose of this website
                b) Showcasing the list of developers and the original motivation of developing this website
                c) Allow users jump to the User Profile Page by operations such as sign up/log in (Also allow basic operations such as change password)
        2. User Profile
                a) Display the user's username, profile picture and personal model list, model list supports jumping to model display page
                b) Set a query button to support jumping to the search page
        3. Search Page
                a) Support search by title for all models in the website database and return a list of models that meet the search requirements
        4. Model Display Page
                a) Single model display interface, support for the creation of model names and brief descriptions
                b) Display full model details
                c) Provide "Update" button to support jumping to the update model page
        5. Update Model Page
                a) Provide functions to modify, save and delete model name, brief description and content
                
Extra Features
        1. “Co-Creator” Function
                a) Allow users to add co-creators to the model
        2. “Model Comment” Function
                a) Allow other users to comment and leave messages on a model for communication between users, support the function of creating and deleting comments
        3. “Model Data” Function
                a) Allow users to add data content to the model and display results
                b) Allow users to add data sources for the model to use
        4. “Model Training” Function
                a) Allow users to generate code according to model structure
                b) Allow users to train model on website and display result off training
Github Repository
        https://github.com/Wyundi/M_Hub
